hi my name is Karen Coleman I'm from
Grant Alabama I drove out the Sonoma for
the California Superbike school I
started riding motorcycles when I was
six my dad drew me on a motorcycle and
ever since then I've had one and really
started to slowly learn through many
bikes dirt bikes evolved into street
bikes and then obviously got a little
bit better and I wanted to give a bit
more safer and more predictable more
confidence so I looked into the
California Superbike school to enhance
some of the skills I I already had and
correct some of the bad habits that I've
obviously gained over the years as well
for women I think it's um it's a
challenge to ride motorcycles but its
its fundamentals really basic
fundamentals and you have to put your
foot out into it and just start doing it
it's given me so much confidence in my
life as a whole because you just don't
realize what these things are capable of
and how fast they are and it does relate
to your life in certain aspects in it it
does develop your confidence in life as
well my experience with the California
Superbike school i first hooked down in
streets of willow had my own motorcycle
KTM superduke hadn't really had it on a
track before hadn't really been familiar
with the motorcycle and took the basic
class and the fundamentals and it
incrementally started to build my
confidence up with the bike it's a much
bigger bike a different setup and by the
end of the day I was goin faster than I
ever thought I could and more confident
not just faster but more predictable
more confident lines and definitely more
smiles on my face to my experience here
the California Superbike school is
phenomenal astatic elated I've I've done
more I think today that I've probably
done in five years of writing you know
and thinking I was getting somewhere
and couldn't reach the next step and you
know I come today and I've built on the
fundamentals from two weeks ago it
streets of willow and had to come back
again to just keep that fresh and
already I'm doing much better much more
confident on a bike that I had not ever
been on and so it taught me that it
doesn't matter what motorcycle that
you're on you learn the fundamentals
that you can get on any bike and ride
and today I just just ecstatic I'm so
excited because I went further and
farther and pushed it to another
boundary that I thought I'd be there and
be happy and you're not you want to go a
little bit more so it builds and builds
and builds and my confidence definitely
is better than it's ever been on a
motorcycle